just now
Is that man outside the emergency room your husband?
I didn't come alone.
You entered the emergency room with Xiao Yunye
Maybe I'm confused.
He just ate something bad.
Xiaoyuyan
You are six months pregnant
Be sure to pay attention
Don't move the fetal gas.
not pregnant
My cub is gone
Well, Madam Jun just ate a bad stomach
I seem to have eaten leftover seafood the other day
Then you are not allowed to eat leftovers in the future.
I was in a hurry that day
Busy with work
Hey wife
What if the child is gone?
Let's build another one.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Chief, I'm still here
Then why don't you get out of here?
Understand, get out
The wife will suffer another one
Come on, you're not ashamed.
In broad daylight
Go home
Then I'll take it as if you agree.